hey everyone so I don't do a lot of
unboxings but this game requires that
almost plus it wasn't released
everywhere this edition it's the mario
kart 8 limited edition it was released
only in Europe and in New York in the
American a nintendo store in America but
we don't have any time to a store here
uh
and a lot of people seem to complain
about this edition that you know they
don't get it in America and I don't want
this to turn into like a whole debate
about what region go to war but yeah I
think it will count you know I'm rune
factory 4 shinigami done say we don't
get those games here at least a rune
factory 4 will never get a release her
in Europe and for example the American
Club Nintendo you actually get free with
wats which status is you have a gold
silver platinum and you have to get free
figurines you the figurines we have to
use our points for so now it's nice that
we in Europe get something nice once in
a while and but like I said I don't want
this whole video to turn about that so
it really just going to be about the
unboxing say we have the box from
several sides you know the hard work
it's a different artwork than the
nintendo store in America gotough like a
nice blue one picture of the shell they
are no a bigger picture on the side and
in the back and a multitude of languages
because obviously in Europe we are very
multi language German on their French
Dutch Spanish Italian and English to
teachers of the items nicely you know
mr. Bach is nice cuz I'm it shows the
controllers it really shows you know
like nothing gamepad and you actually
can use the old skool pro controller for
the wheels are really like that I tend
to use the gamepad myself I think
because you can turn off the motion
control because I don't really like that
stuff so this is top still nice logo
bottom nothing special just all the tax
I'm glad most of the text isn't on the
backhoes hate it when they do it at so
let's open this up here it's no stickers
on it
you go so let's pull this out first we
have the game here I just know it has
the same images and stuff is on the back
it's not very different and there you go
it's like the standard retail version
and there's the good boy so we have a
little box inside still there you go
says here Spanish I'll figure it's funny
because that all the fans call it the
blue shell even we do over here and the
devil still refresher that's the spiny
shell or just find me it also just a box
a little tape here on the side there you
go okay there you go it's packaged yes
damn it's a lot bigger than I expected
us to be here first we'll have the
little see-through part not just hasn't
very caudate on there what you can see
it nicely there
we have like the protection thingy
bottom stands nicely black cut like the
address on here in the back and then the
logo these go like this let's see the
news he doesn't matter now she clicks on
their show which isn't okay that means
big it's very heavy it's very pretty i
really like you know it's nicely i'm
hollowed out the holes the spines are a
bit rubbery they're not the same
material this to the edges a bit of
rubbery there you go
I'm sorry if you guys are hearing some
noise they're drilling below in the
apartment below so I really apologize
for that okhla doesn't disturb this
video too much today it's very big and
nicely places on the stands it's so very
very cool it's very big let me give you
guys a comparison okay let's remove all
this right for example what Luigi I got
released let me just take the camera for
a second there you go a nice view and
compare it to the Luigi that was
released awhile back you see how big it
is and if not everybody has that here
that we have the a double a battery here
so you see the double a battery compared
to the shell it's very big it's a very
very nice figure it's really a lot
bigger and nicer than I expected it to
be it's very cool so there you guys your
another unboxing of mario kart here you
still have the preorder bonus I got here
I remember you could have the bullet
bill or a red shell and I really wanted
the super golden mushrooms I'm really
glad we got a but you didn't really get
to choose i think the UK store in an
airy and home 11 America the UK store in
England online had the red shell for
example and hearing friends in my store
we got this one and it's also a bit
bigger than I expected it to be when we
get the double a battery back for a
second see it's still almost the same
size with another crown
it was very happy we got the disc
because the bullet bill you know you
have so many figurines of the bullet
bill but this one is quite unique it
looks very nice so hope you guys enjoyed
this video remember it's all about the
gaming stereo